## Sweeml

Sweeml override the original CHtml helpers and add several functionnalities

### Callback system - aka event management

The callback system allow the developper to register (js) events in the page -- some kind of listeners.
In other places, the developer can raise an event.
This can be seen as some loose coupling. An other advantage of the callback system is
that even if the callback was raised in an iframe, the callback get caught in the main window.
In other word, the raised event is re-routed to the main window. This is usefull when 
iframe (for lightboxes, ...) are used.

#### Generic callback method

This method produce a javascript string
````(string) raiseEvent($eventName, $parameters=array(), $context=null);````
This method produce a javascript string which can be used directly as an url
````(string) raiseEventUrl($eventName, $parameters=array(), $context=null);````

Parameters

* $eventName (string) name of the event to raise
* $parameters (array) parameters to pass to the event manager
* $context (string) context if needed, else will be in global context

This method register directly the event using the clientScript
````(string) registerEvent($eventName, $action, $context=null);````
This method produce a javascript string
````(string) registerEventScript($eventName, $action, $context=null);````

Parameters

* $eventName (string) name of the event to register
* $action (string) action to execute when event is raised, this is pure javascript code
* $context (string) context if needed, else will be in registered in global context

### Ajax helpers 

#### Ajax request using callback system

Produce an ajax call to $url and perform the update/replace
of the target element if content-type is text/html. If the content-type is application/javascript
the returned js code is executed.

This system raise also two jQuery events on the target : 

* beforeAjax : raised just before ajax is submited.
* afterAjax : raised after ajax request (and replace/update) if the call was successfull

This is usefull to prepare data or rebind events when the dom has been replaced.

This method produce a javascript string
````(string) raiseAjaxRefresh($target, $url, $data=null, $mode=null);````
This method produce a javascript string which can be used directly as an url
````(string) raiseAjaxRefreshUrl($target, $url, $data=null, $mode=null);````

Parameters

* $target (string) target element
* $url (mixed) url in Yii supported format
* $data (mixed) data to pass
* $mode (enum) replacement mode can be replace or update

#### Ajax forms using callback system

This script intercept form posting, perform the post in ajax and update/replace or execute
the javavscript depending on the content-type

This method produce a javascript script which should be executed to enable form ajaxify
````(string) ajaxSubmitHandlerScript($target);````
This method produce a javascript which is automatically registered and ajaxify the form(s)
````ajaxSubmitHandler($target);````

Parameters

* $target (string) the target element - form(s) to ajaxify

An easier way to ajaxify the forms using this system is to use the all
in one tag generator.

replace the classic 
````(string) beginForm($action='',$method='post',$htmlOptions=array());````
with
````(string) beginAjaxForm($action='',$method='post',$htmlOptions=array());````

And the form will be automagically ajaxified

Parameters

* $action (mixed) action
* $method (string) method
* $htmlOptions (array) html options

### Javascript helper

#### Redirect system

Usefull when we need to redirect the main window from an iframe. We don't need
to know in advance if we are in an iframe or not.

This method produce a javascript string
````(string) raiseRedirect($url, $timer=null);````
This method produce a javascript string which can be used directly as an url
````(string) raiseRedirectUrl($url, $timer=null);````

Parameters

* $url (mixed) url in Yii format
* $timer (integer) delay in second before executing redirect

### Shadowbox system - aka easy lightbox system

#### Opening shadowbox

This method register all js and css needed to open a shadowbox and open it

This method produce a javascript string
````(string) raiseOpenShadowbox($url='#', $shadowBoxOptions=array());````
This method produce a javascript string which can be used directly as an url
````(string) raiseOpenShadowboxUrl($url='#', $shadowBoxOptions=array());````

Parameters

* $url (mixed) url to open in the shadowbox, information will be normalized
* $shadowBoxOptions (array) options to pass to shadowbox as described in documentation

#### Closing shadowbox

This method close current shadowbox

This method produce a javascript string
````(string) raiseCloseShadowbox();````
This method produce a javascript string which can be used directly as an url
````(string) raiseCloseShadowboxUrl();````

### File upload using plupload

The methods

* ````(string) activeAsyncFileUpload($model, $attribute, $htmlOptions=array()) ;````
* ````(string) asyncFileUpload($name, $htmlOptions=array(), $value=null);````

This methods should work like the original ones.
The difference is that they register js, css and everything to allow multi fileuploads with drag'n'drop
and fancy features. See method doc clock for all options

````php
    <?php echo Sweeml::activeAsyncFileUpload($myModel, 'uploadField', $options); ?>
````


